README.md, before:

# Interview Scheduler

Interview scheduler allows you book an appointment for a student and an interviewer in any of the available spots on a given day.  You can also edit the appointment with a different student or interviewer.  Don't like the slot given? You can cancel the interview as well.  

## Images

### Home Page

![scheduler-blank](https://github.com/CBBell99/scheduler/blob/master/docs/scheduler-blank-appointments.png?raw=true)

### Create/Edit
![create/edit](https://github.com/CBBell99/scheduler/blob/master/docs/scheduler-create:edit-page.png?raw=true)

### Booked appointment
![booked-appt](https://github.com/CBBell99/scheduler/blob/master/docs/scheduler-booked-appointment.png?raw=true)

### Delete appointment
![delete-appt](https://github.com/CBBell99/scheduler/blob/master/docs/scheduler-confirm-delete.png?raw=true)

## Setup

Install dependencies with `npm install`.

## Running Webpack Development Server

```sh
npm start
```

## Running Jest Test Framework

```sh
npm test
```

## Running Storybook Visual Testbed

```sh
npm run storybook
```

## Dependencies
- axios
-   normalize.css
-  react
- react-dom
- react-scripts

## Dev Dependencies
- @babel/core
-    @storybook/addon-actions
-    @storybook/addon-backgrounds
-    @storybook/addon-links
-    @storybook/addons
-    @storybook/react
-    @testing-library/jest-dom
-    @testing-library/react
-   @testing-library/react-hooks
-    babel-loader
-    node-sass
-    prop-types
-    react-test-renderer

Commit message:

updated readme to included instructions and link to run scheduler api

README.md, after:

# Interview Scheduler

Interview scheduler allows you book an appointment for a student and an interviewer in any of the available spots on a given day.  You can also edit the appointment with a different student or interviewer.  Don't like the slot given? You can cancel the interview as well.  

## Images

### Home Page

![scheduler-blank](https://github.com/CBBell99/scheduler/blob/master/docs/scheduler-blank-appointments.png?raw=true)

### Create/Edit
![create/edit](https://github.com/CBBell99/scheduler/blob/master/docs/scheduler-create:edit-page.png?raw=true)

### Booked appointment
![booked-appt](https://github.com/CBBell99/scheduler/blob/master/docs/scheduler-booked-appointment.png?raw=true)

### Delete appointment
![delete-appt](https://github.com/CBBell99/scheduler/blob/master/docs/scheduler-confirm-delete.png?raw=true)

## Setup

Install dependencies with `npm install`.

## Scheduler Api

You will need this in order to run the scheduler app and run it concurrently

https://github.com/CBBell99/scheduler-api

## Running Webpack Development Server

```sh
npm start
```

## Running Jest Test Framework

```sh
npm test
```

## Running Storybook Visual Testbed

```sh
npm run storybook
```

## Dependencies
- axios
-   normalize.css
-  react
- react-dom
- react-scripts

## Dev Dependencies
- @babel/core
-    @storybook/addon-actions
-    @storybook/addon-backgrounds
-    @storybook/addon-links
-    @storybook/addons
-    @storybook/react
-    @testing-library/jest-dom
-    @testing-library/react
-   @testing-library/react-hooks
-    babel-loader
-    node-sass
-    prop-types
-    react-test-renderer
